chore(release): version 1.6.3 (#118)
yseop/vscode-yseopml: CHANGELOG.md

# Release Notes

## 1.6.3 (2019-07-23)

> -   Improved parsing for some new cases such as:

Reviewer: Unclear. New in YML? Newly parsed for the extension? But then can we call it “improvement” if it didn’t exist to begin with? I’d say “keep it simple”.

```suggestion
-   Improved parsing for:
```

>     -   function or method's optional arguments list finishing with a comma;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   function or method optional argument list ending with a comma;
```

>     -   function or method with a two types argument, like `TypeA || TypeB myArg`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   function or method argument with alternative types, like `TypeA || TypeB myArg`;
```

    -   function or method having a `Function` object as an argument;
    -   `*.kao` files containing file name declarations;
    -   `as` instruction;
    -   `applyCollection` using the `__operation` operator;

>     -   some YML identifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   YML identifiers.
```
